You could argue that these are the best
beats ever these are the new Beats Solo
buds they are the cheapest beats ever
made $79 they are the smallest beats
ever by a long way like they set the bar
way smaller and lighter than even
airpods and they're the best battery
life in any earbuds they've ever made
but that's the thing that's kind of the
catch one of the craziest things they
did with these earbuds is the case that
they're in has no battery in it at all
that's what's allowed them to get them
to be this small the case is basically
just a plastic holder and so they put
all the battery they could into the buds
themselves giving them a quoted 18-hour
straight battery life which is actually
pretty incredible but then you put them
back in the case and you have to charge
them via USB type-c back here but there
is no USBC cable included in the Box to
help reach that price there's also no
noise cancellation or transparency mode
probably to save battery still and they
don't sound amazing but they're beats
they're fine but